README.md, before:

# NewApp

Welcome to NewApp, the future of synergistic workflow management. NewApp is a revolutionary application that harnesses the power of AI to provide a dynamic and engaging user experience. Our cutting-edge technology will transform the way you work, think, and create.

## Features

*   **Synergize! Button:** Optimize your workspace with a single click. Our proprietary algorithm dynamically re-arranges the user interface to maximize your productivity and creativity.
*   **AI-Powered Text Analysis:** Leverage the power of our advanced neural network to gain deep insights into your text. Our AI will process your text and provide you with actionable feedback.
*   **Dynamic User Experience:** NewApp provides a constantly evolving user interface that keeps you engaged. Our moving elements are designed to challenge you and keep you focused.
*   **AI Assistant (Synthia):** Our friendly and knowledgeable AI assistant, Synthia, is always there to help you. Synthia can answer any questions you have about NewApp and its powerful features.
*   **AI Calculator:** Our revolutionary calculator offloads complex calculations to our powerful AI, providing you with accurate results in record time.

## Installation

To get started with NewApp, follow these simple steps:

1.  Clone the repository:
    ```
        git clone https://github.com/soccera1/newapp.git
    ```
2.  Install the dependencies:
    ```
    cd newapp-project
    npm install
    ```
3.  Start the application:
    ```
    npm start
    ```

## Configuration

Before starting the application, you will need to provide your Gemini API key.

1.  Navigate to the `server` directory:
    ```
    cd newapp-project/server
    ```
2.  Create a new file named `.env`.
3.  Add the following line to the `.env` file, replacing `YOUR_API_KEY` with your actual Gemini API key:
    ```
    GEMINI_API_KEY=YOUR_API_KEY
    ```

## Disclaimer

NewApp is an AI-generated application. By using NewApp, you agree to our terms of service and privacy policy.

Commit message:

Dual license under NAUL and AGPL

README.md, after:

# NewApp

Welcome to NewApp, the future of synergistic workflow management. NewApp is a revolutionary application that harnesses the power of AI to provide a dynamic and engaging user experience. Our cutting-edge technology will transform the way you work, think, and create.

## Features

*   **Synergize! Button:** Optimize your workspace with a single click. Our proprietary algorithm dynamically re-arranges the user interface to maximize your productivity and creativity.
*   **AI-Powered Text Analysis:** Leverage the power of our advanced neural network to gain deep insights into your text. Our AI will process your text and provide you with actionable feedback.
*   **Dynamic User Experience:** NewApp provides a constantly evolving user interface that keeps you engaged. Our moving elements are designed to challenge you and keep you focused.
*   **AI Assistant (Synthia):** Our friendly and knowledgeable AI assistant, Synthia, is always there to help you. Synthia can answer any questions you have about NewApp and its powerful features.
*   **AI Calculator:** Our revolutionary calculator offloads complex calculations to our powerful AI, providing you with accurate results in record time.

## Installation

To get started with NewApp, follow these simple steps:

1.  Clone the repository:
    ```
    git clone https://github.com/soccera1/newapp.git
    ```
2.  Install the dependencies:
    ```
    cd newapp-project
    npm install
    ```
3.  Start the application:
    ```
    npm start
    ```

## Configuration

Before starting the application, you will need to provide your Gemini API key.

1.  Navigate to the `server` directory:
    ```
    cd newapp-project/server
    ```
2.  Create a new file named `.env`.
3.  Add the following line to the `.env` file, replacing `YOUR_API_KEY` with your actual Gemini API key:
    ```
    GEMINI_API_KEY=YOUR_API_KEY
    ```

## Disclaimer

NewApp is an AI-generated application. By using NewApp, you agree to our terms of service and privacy policy.

## License

NewApp is dual-licensed. You may choose to use this software under the terms of either the NewApp Un-License (see the `LICENSE` file) or the GNU Affero General Public License v3.0 (see the `LICENSE.AGPL` file).
